Clarify that the universal selector does not match pseudo-elements (#41958)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/selectors/universal_selectors/index.md

- `*|*` - matches all elements
- `|*` - matches all elements without any declared namespace

> [!NOTE]
> The universal selector (`*`) matches **elements only**.

> > It does **not** match pseudo-elements by itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It does **not** directly match pseudo-elements by itself.
```

>

> > Selectors like `*::before` work because the `*` matches all **elements**, and the pseudo-element selector (`::before`) applies to those elements. The universal selector does not directly select pseudo-elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To match all {{cssxref("::before")}} pseudo-elements on a page, for example, you would have to use a selector like `*::before`. This works because the `*` matches all elements, and the `::before` pseudo-element is available on all elements.
```
